README.md, before:

# Data Taps Getting Started

Step by step instructions on starting to send streaming data to Data Taps with processed data output to your S3 Bucket.

You will create an IAM Role into your AWS Account and connect Data Taps to your S3 Bucket, so that when you HTTP POST newlined delimited JSON data to the Tap URL, the data ends up into your S3 Bucket nicely named and partitioned.

> You can see more detailed instructions [here](https://github.com/boilingdata/boilingdata-bdcli/blob/main/ONBOARDING.md).

## 1. Create Boiling account with your email

```shell
yarn install
npx bdcli account config
npx bdcli account register
# Check your email for verification code
npx bdcli account register --confirm <codeFromEmail>
```

## 2. Connect your Boiling account with your S3 Bucket

Open the example IaC template [data-taps-iac.yaml](data-taps-iac.yaml) and update the following:

- Replace `YOURBUCKET` with your S3 Bucket name
- Replace `PREFIX` with your S3 prefix ("folder")
- Replace `YOUREMAIL` with your email you used for registering

```shell
yarn validate
yarn connect
yarn upload
yarn plan
yarn deploy
```

## 3. Get token and ingestion URL and send data

```shell
yarn taptoken
yarn tapurl
yarn test
yarn test:loop
```

## 4. Check data output to YOURBUCKET/PREFIX

The tumbling window in the example template is 1 minute. After couple of minutes you should start seeing data in your S3 Bucket.

```shell
aws s3 ls --recursive s3://YOURBUCKET/PREFIX
```

## 5. You can also use Boiling Data to query your S3 Data at rest or run Streaming SQL

You can `SUBSCRIBE` live to your Data Taps with `SQL` if you like, or query your data from S3. 

For more information, check out [https://www.boilingdata.com/](https://www.boilingdata.com).

Commit message:

Add info about deployed AWS Regions

README.md, after:

# Data Taps Getting Started

Step by step instructions on starting to send streaming data to Data Taps with processed data output to your S3 Bucket.

You will create an IAM Role into your AWS Account and connect Data Taps to your S3 Bucket, so that when you HTTP POST newlined delimited JSON data to the Tap URL, the data ends up into your S3 Bucket nicely named and partitioned.

> You can see more detailed instructions [here](https://github.com/boilingdata/boilingdata-bdcli/blob/main/ONBOARDING.md).

> NOTE! Data Taps is deployed to the following AWS Regions: `eu-west-1`, `eu-north-1`, and `us-west-2`. You can deploy to any of these regions by changing the template `region:` key. However, your data output S3 Bucket must reside on the same AWS Region.

## 1. Create Boiling account with your email

```shell
yarn install
npx bdcli account config
npx bdcli account register
# Check your email for verification code
npx bdcli account register --confirm <codeFromEmail>
```

## 2. Connect your Boiling account with your S3 Bucket

Open the example IaC template [data-taps-iac.yaml](data-taps-iac.yaml) and update the following:

- Replace `YOURBUCKET` with your S3 Bucket name
- Replace `PREFIX` with your S3 prefix ("folder")
- Replace `YOUREMAIL` with your email you used for registering

```shell
yarn validate
yarn connect
yarn upload
yarn plan
yarn deploy
```

## 3. Get token and ingestion URL and send data

```shell
yarn taptoken
yarn tapurl
yarn test
yarn test:loop
```

## 4. Check data output to YOURBUCKET/PREFIX

The tumbling window in the example template is 1 minute. After couple of minutes you should start seeing data in your S3 Bucket.

```shell
aws s3 ls --recursive s3://YOURBUCKET/PREFIX
```

## 5. You can also use Boiling Data to query your S3 Data at rest or run Streaming SQL

You can `SUBSCRIBE` live to your Data Taps with `SQL` if you like, or query your data from S3. 

For more information, check out [https://www.boilingdata.com/](https://www.boilingdata.com).
